seaTexture, sea.png
landTexture, land.png
mountainTexture, mountain.png
sandTexture, sand.png
jungleTexture, jungle.png
townTexture, town.png
lakeTexture, lake.png
playerTexture, player.png
cocaTexture, coca.png
fishTexture, fish.png
cattleTexture, cattle.png
horsesTexture, horses.png
metalsTexture, metals.png
wheatTexture, wheat.png
tobaccoTexture, tobacco.png
cottonTexture, cotton.png
boatTexture, boat.png
populationTexture, population.png
foodTexture, food.png
productionTexture, production.png
manpowerTexture, manpower.png
breweryTexture, brewery.png
incomeTexture, income.png
woodTexture, wood.png
yeastTexture, yeast.png
tradeDealButtonTexture, tdb.png
buildingMenuButtonTexture, tdb.png
unitMenuButtonTexture, tdb.png
