seaTexture, textures/sea.png
landTexture, textures/land.png
mountainTexture, textures/mountain.png
sandTexture, textures/sand.png
jungleTexture, textures/jungle.png
townTexture, textures/town.png
lakeTexture, textures/lake.png
playerTexture, textures/player.png
cocaTexture, textures/coca.png
fishTexture, textures/fish.png
cattleTexture, textures/cattle.png
horsesTexture, textures/horses.png
metalsTexture, textures/metals.png
wheatTexture, textures/wheat.png
tobaccoTexture, textures/tobacco.png
cottonTexture, textures/cotton.png
boatTexture, textures/boat.png
populationTexture, textures/population.png
foodTexture, textures/food.png
productionTexture, textures/production.png
manpowerTexture, textures/manpower.png
breweryTexture, textures/brewery.png
incomeTexture, textures/income.png
woodTexture, textures/wood.png
yeastTexture, textures/yeast.png
tradeDealButtonTexture, textures/tdb.png
buildingMenuButtonTexture, textures/tdb.png
unitMenuButtonTexture, textures/tdb.png
